[Music]
hi I'm Lisa Bernbach for howdini dot-com
and this is Lauren Chapman for Pillsbury
if you're planning a party here's an
idea for an appetizer that's elegant but
really easy those are sweet and sour
shrimp puffs and that's actually a
recipe from one of our past bake-off
finalists Margaret Blount and I'm going
to show you how to make them okay we use
refrigerated crescent roll dough this is
the butter flake variety and then we're
gonna unroll it
there's the seam right and you'll see
there are eight triangles we're going to
cut these eight triangles into skinnier
triangles now it's an important that
they be isosceles triangle variant
that's the crucial thing about this
recipe yes you've got you got it and the
easiest way to cut these triangles is to
start from this point up here and cut
that way now the filling has some nice
Asian type flavors we've got some cream
cheese three tablespoons a teaspoon of
soy sauce mmm a half a teaspoon of
chopped garlic and some ground ginger so
we're gonna spread some of the filling
there I'll do one and I'll show you
these are peeled deveined shrimp that
have been patted dry that's important
because you don't want your puffs to be
soggy huh and then I've got three
tablespoons of sesame seeds I'm gonna
kind of lightly roll each puff in the
sesame seeds place your first puff on
the cookie sheet now the important thing
when you're putting these on the cookie
sheet is to make sure that this pointy
tip that you've rolled around is on the
underside so that your whole Crescent
doesn't unfurl I think what I'm learning
here is that you can have a presentation
that's elegant but not time-consuming
this is not time-consuming at all it's
kind of fun to do and to think that I
always buy frozen appetizers at the
grocery store never again after you know
how to do this okay Lauren so you fill
up this greased cooking tray that's
right you fill up the cookie sheet and
pop them in the oven 375 degrees for 16
to 21 minutes and your own
there and here they are hot out of the
oven so now the sweet and sour shrimp
puffs are ready
not quite we're missing the sweet which
is this apricot jam we're going to brush
it over the tops and you can help me and
we're going to finish off our little
savory appetizer pastries now this
doesn't feel like the consistency of
apricot jam I've loosened it up a little
by warming it in the microwave for 20
seconds that way it's more spreadable
you won't have difficulty getting that
nice smooth finish can we serve it right
away
absolutely take them off of the baking
tray with a spatula and eat them warm
well thanks Lauren you're welcome and
then when they're all done I know they
look like this they're beautiful they
really are Thank You Lauren you're
welcome for howdini calm i'm lisa
Bernbach